RHDEVDOCS-3956 - document per label scrape limit settings for UWM (#48050)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-setting-scrape-sample-and-label-limits-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

// * monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="setting-scrape-sample-and-label-limits-for-user-defined-projects_{context}"]
= Setting scrape sample and label limits for user-defined projects

You can limit the number of samples that can be accepted per target scrape in user-defined projects.

> You can also limit the number of scraped labels, the length of the label name, and the length of the label value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also limit the number of scraped labels, the length of label names, and the length of label values.
```

Author: fixed here and in two other places as well

----
<1> A value is required if this parameter is specified. This `enforcedSampleLimit` example limits the number of samples that can be accepted per target scrape in user-defined projects to 50,000.

. Add the `enforcedLabelLimit`, `enforcedLabelNameLengthLimit`, and `enforcedLabelValueLengthLimit` configurations to `data/config.yaml` to limit the number of scraped labels, the length of label names, and the length of label values in user-defined projects:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: user-workload-monitoring-config
  namespace: openshift-user-workload-monitoring
data:
  config.yaml: |
    prometheus:
      enforcedLabelLimit: 500 <1>
      enforcedLabelNameLengthLimit: 50 <2>
      enforcedLabelValueLengthLimit: 600 <3>
----
<1> Specifies the maximum number of labels per scrape. 

> The default value `0`, which specifies no limit.

Reviewer 2: The default value is `0`

Author: fixed

----
<1> A value is required if this parameter is specified. This `enforcedSampleLimit` example limits the number of samples that can be accepted per target scrape in user-defined projects to 50,000.

. Add the `enforcedLabelLimit`, `enforcedLabelNameLengthLimit`, and `enforcedLabelValueLengthLimit` configurations to `data/config.yaml` to limit the number of scraped labels, the length of the label name, and the length of a label value in user-defined projects:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: user-workload-monitoring-config
  namespace: openshift-user-workload-monitoring
data:
  config.yaml: |
    prometheus:
      enforcedLabelLimit: 500 <1>
      enforcedLabelNameLengthLimit: 50 <2>
      enforcedLabelValueLengthLimit: 600 <3>
----
<1> Specifies the maximum number of labels per scrape. 

> The default value is `500`.

Reviewer 2: default value is `0`, change to
`The example value is `500``

Author: fixed

A value of `0` specifies no limit.
<2> Specifies the maximum length in characters of a label name.

> The default value is `50`.

Reviewer 2: default value is `0`, change to
The example value is `50`

A value of `0` specifies no limit.
<3> Specifies the maximum length in characters of a label value.

> The default value is `600`.

Reviewer 2: default value is `0`, change to
The example value is `600`

Author: fixed
